“Ride as much or as little, as long or as short as you feel. But ride” -- Eddy Merckx

“Don’t buy upgrades, ride up grades” –- Eddy Merckx

“When your legs scream stop and your lungs are bursting, that’s when it starts. That’s the hurt locker. Winners love it in there” –- Chris McCormack

“When my legs hurt, I say: “Shut up legs! Do what I tell you to do!” -- Jens Voigt

“You can’t get good by staying home. If you want to get fast, you have to go where the fast guys are” –- Steve Larsen

“Nothing compares to the simple pleasure of riding a bike” -- John F Kennedy

“Cyclists see considerably more of this beautiful world than any other class of citizens. A good bicycle, well applied, will cure most ills this flesh is heir to” –- Dr K.K. Doty

“The race is won by the rider who can suffer the most” -- Eddy Merckx

“As long as I breathe, I attack” -- Bernard Hinault

“To me, it doesn’t matter whether it’s raining or the sun is shining or whatever: as long as I’m riding a bike I know I’m the luckiest guy in the world” –- Mark Cavendish

“I don’t ride a bike to add days to my life. I ride a bike to add life to my days” –- Unknown

"There's no such thing as bad weather, just soft people." -- Bill Bowerman, co-founder of Nike
		 
"A guy who has run twenty Boston Marathons was once asked, 'Don't you feel like skipping a day when it's raining?' The old road warrior replied, 'If you start skipping runs because the weather's too lousy, pretty soon you start missing runs because the weather's too nice!'" -- John Hanc, excerpted from 1,001 Pearls of Runners' Wisdom
		 
"If you haven't been exercising, your body will undoubtedly protest this change in its comfortable downhill direction. You won't like it at first. You may even hate it. But be proactive. Do it anyway. Even if it's raining on the morning you're scheduled to jog, do it anyway. 'Oh good! It's raining! I get to develop my willpower as well as my body!" -- Stephen Covey
		 
"Is it raining?  That doesn't matter. Am I tired? That doesn't matter, either. Then willpower will be no problem." -- Emil Zatopek, Olympic distance runner		 

"This is about doing something difficult and not stopping when it becomes not just difficult, but cold and difficult...or cold and wet and difficult…or cold and wet and dark and difficult." -- Suzy Hamilton (member of the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Olympic teams)
		 
"When you're cold and wet when you're running, just remember, not everyone is able to run." -- Unknown		 

"There is a great advantage in training under unfavorable conditions. It is better to train under bad conditions, for the difference is then a tremendous relief in a race." -- Emil Zatopek
		 
"Runners don't get rained out, they get rained on." -- Unknown
		 
"Bad weather always looks worse through a window."  -- Tom Lehrer

"Running in the snow has its own special qualities - softness, quiet, the white landscape - and it can make you feel like a kid again." -- Claire Kowalchik, The Complete Book of Running for Women

"If one can stick to the training throughout the many long years, then willpower is no longer a problem. It's raining? That doesn't matter. I am tired? That's beside the point. It's simply that I just have to." -- Emil Zatopek